Bug 1712073 - Update structure of string list reference page (#1680)
mozilla/glean: docs/user/reference/metrics/string_list.md

> 

Reviewer: nit: Update the note to a info or warning box.

---

## Recording API

### `add`

Add a new string to the list.

{{#include ../../../shared/tab_header.md}}
<div data-lang="Kotlin" class="tab">

```Kotlin
import org.mozilla.yourApplication.GleanMetrics.Search

Search.engines.add("wikipedia")
Search.engines.add("duck duck go")
```

</div>

> <div data-lang="Java" class="tab"></div>

Reviewer: (this applies to all tab groups) Would you mind als adding Java examples? I am assuming Java provides this API since it is available in Kotlin. Follow-up would be fine too.

Author: Yeah, let me do that.

<div data-lang="Kotlin" class="tab">

```Kotlin
import org.mozilla.yourApplication.GleanMetrics.Search

Search.engines.set(listOf("wikipedia", "duckk duck go"))
```
</div>
<div data-lang="Java" class="tab"></div>
<div data-lang="Swift" class="tab">

```Swift
Search.engines.set(["wikipedia", "duck duck go"])
```

</div>
<div data-lang="Python" class="tab">

```Python
from glean import load_metrics
metrics = load_metrics("metrics.yaml")

metrics.search.engines.set(["wikipedia", "duck duck go"])
```

</div>
<div data-lang="Rust" class="tab">

```Rust
use glean_metrics::search;

search::engines.set(vec!["wikipedia".to_string(), "duck duck go".to_string()])
```

</div>
<div data-lang="Javascript" class="tab"></div>
<div data-lang="Firefox Desktop" class="tab">

**C++**

```cpp
#include "mozilla/glean/GleanMetrics.h"

mozilla::glean::search::engines.Set({"wikipedia"_ns, "duck duck go"_ns});
```

**JavaScript**

```js
Glean.search.engines.set(["wikipedia", "duck duck go"]);
```

</div>
{{#include ../../../shared/tab_footer.md}}

#### Recorded errors

* `invalid_overflow`: if the string is too long. (Prior to Glean 31.5.0, this recorded an `invalid_value`).

> * `invalid_value`: if the list is too long

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `invalid_value`: if the list is too long.
```

#### Limits

* Fixed maximum string length: 50. Longer strings are truncated. This is measured in the number of bytes when the string is encoded in UTF-8.
* Fixed maximum list length: 20 items. Additional strings are dropped.

## Testing API

### `testGetValue`

> Gets the recorded value for a given counter metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets the recorded value for a given string list metric.
```

```

</div>
<div data-lang="Java" class="tab"></div>
<div data-lang="Swift" class="tab">

```Swift
@testable import Glean

XCTAssertEqual(["Google", "DuckDuckGo"], try Search.engines.testGetValue())
```

</div>
<div data-lang="Python" class="tab">

```python
from glean import load_metrics
metrics = load_metrics("metrics.yaml")

assert ["Google", "DuckDuckGo"] == metrics.search.engines.test_get_value()
```

</div>
<div data-lang="Rust" class="tab">

```Rust
use glean_metrics::search;

assert_eq!(
    vec!["Google".to_string(), "DuckDuckGo".to_string()],
    search::engines.test_get_value(None).unwrap()
);
```

</div>
<div data-lang="Javascript" class="tab"></div>
<div data-lang="Firefox Desktop" class="tab">

**C++**

```cpp
#include "mozilla/glean/GleanMetrics.h"

nsTArray<nsCString> list = mozilla::glean::search::engines.TestGetValue();
ASSERT_TRUE(list.Contains("wikipedia"_ns));
ASSERT_TRUE(list.Constains("duck duck go"_ns));
```

**JavaScript**

```js
const engines = Glean.search.engines.testGetValue();
Assert.ok(engines.includes("wikipedia"));
Assert.ok(engines.includes("duck duck go"));
```

</div>
{{#include ../../../shared/tab_footer.md}}

### `testHasValue`

> Whether or not **any** value was recorded for a given counter metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether or not **any** value was recorded for a given string list metric.
```

{{#include ../../../shared/tab_header.md}}
<div data-lang="Kotlin" class="tab">

```Kotlin
import org.mozilla.yourApplication.GleanMetrics.Search

assertTrue(Search.engines.testHasValue())
```

</div>
<div data-lang="Java" class="tab"></div>
<div data-lang="Swift" class="tab">

```Swift
@testable import Glean

XCTAssert(Search.engines.testHasValue())
```

</div>
<div data-lang="Python" class="tab">

```python
from glean import load_metrics
metrics = load_metrics("metrics.yaml")

assert metrics.search.engines.test_has_value()
```

</div>
<div data-lang="Rust" class="tab"></div>
<div data-lang="Javascript" class="tab"></div>
<div data-lang="Firefox Desktop" class="tab"></div>
{{#include ../../../shared/tab_footer.md}}

### `testGetNumRecordedErrors`

> Gets number of errors recorded for a given counter metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets number of errors recorded for a given string list metric.
```

{{#include ../../../shared/tab_header.md}}
<div data-lang="Kotlin" class="tab">

```Kotlin
import org.mozilla.yourApplication.GleanMetrics.Search

assertEquals(1, Search.engines.testGetNumRecordedErrors(ErrorType.InvalidValue))
```

</div>
<div data-lang="Java" class="tab"></div>
<div data-lang="Swift" class="tab">

```Swift
@testable import Glean

// Were any of the values too long, and thus an error was recorded?
XCTAssertEqual(1, Search.engines.testGetNumRecordedErrors(.invalidValue))
```

</div>
<div data-lang="Python" class="tab">

```Python
from glean import load_metrics
metrics = load_metrics("metrics.yaml")

assert 1 == metrics.search.engines.test_get_num_recorded_errors(
    ErrorType.INVALID_VALUE
)
```

</div>
<div data-lang="Rust" class="tab">

```Rust
use glean::ErrorType;
use glean_metrics::search;

assert_eq!(
    0,
    search::engines.test_get_num_recorded_errors(ErrorType::InvalidValue)
);
```

</div>
<div data-lang="Javascript" class="tab"></div>

> <div data-lang="Firefox Desktop" class="tab"></div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div data-lang="Firefox Desktop" class="tab" data-bug="1683171"></div>
```

{{#include ../../../shared/tab_footer.md}}

## Metric parameters

> Example counter metric definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example string list metric definition:
```
